you've been waiting for him asking for
him
now he's here
who are you my name is bond James Bond
eased back in a new fun spectacular
killer
welcome to hell blow fell
ease back good evening and we're back to
what great movies are all about hey what
the hell is this
hey listen you can't do this to me I've
got friends in this town huh rageous fun
making thrills I didn't know there was a
pool down there he's back the character
who runs rings around his enemies in
diamonds are forever
and they're back
some rare facets of female bondage well
that's quite a nice little nothing
you're almost wearing I prove I don't
dress for the hired help
starring Jill's and John Charles gray
and he's back as Blofeld double-oh-seven
style
good evening mm
from the diamond territory of South
Africa curious how everyone who touches
those diamonds seems to die the canals
of Amsterdam
to the gaming halls of Las Vegas hi I'm
plenty but of course you are plenty a
tool named after your father perhaps to
the rocket sights of Nevada
Sean Connery alias James Bond
double-oh-seven is back in action
diamonds are forever
forever
you